Chapter 1, Introduction

Introduction

		Unmanned Aerial vehicles, UAVs, also known as a drone, is getting more 
	recognition in recent years. The booming of UAVs is caused by the component needed to manufacture the drone, especially
	microcontrollers getting cheaper, and smaller. Compare to previous drone iteration, drone nowadays offers much wider
	capability, such as enhanced range, the ability to mount hardware, and camera for example, and of course easily
	deployable without requiring many technicians to maintain them.
		UAVs are often being used in area where it is dangerous, impractical,
	and expensive for human. The affordable entry point of using a drone incentivized emerging industries to exploit the
	capability that UAVs offer. Not only that but the existing industry is also getting interested to use UAVs as an
	augmentation to its existing operational infrastructure. And that industries are, logistics companies, agricultural
	companies, multimedia companies, and surveyors to name a few
		Alas, UAV regulation is in an unfortunate dichotomy, these are UAV
	regulations are very conservative to the point of limiting the capability of the UAV itself, [insert FAA part number
	here]. While often time in many areas UAV usage is very lenient to nonexistent.
		That is why, this paper, is trying to explore the possibilities of
	creating safety tools to help the users to create an optimized safe flight path to navigate. 
 

Research Purpose

		The UAV path planning research has the purpose to discover the usability
	of geo analysis and aircraft, dynamic to determine the safe possible route.

Research Limitation

	- The UAV path planner only provides data based on static data, this
	  include the building footprint, road footprint, and population density to name a few, while dynamic data such as
	  real-time wind and whether data is ignored.
	- UAV path planners only provide the flight path coordinate and do not
	  provide a method to handle real-life incident.

 Chapter 2, Literature Review

Theoritical frame works

Drone and drone types
	
	An unmanned aerial vehicle is one of the types of aircraft that does not require have human present onboard. Just
	like its manned counterpart, UAV has its own propulsion system, lift devices, cargo area, power source, and flight
	control. 
		The drone can be categorized by its autonomy, from fully manual to fully autonomous. Fully manual UAVs rely on every
	of its control by a human operator. Fully manual is also very cheap to manufacture, while also being the most
	dangerous type, since it has little to no safety features. While the opposite is true for the latter.
		Usually, many drones is fell into the semi-autonomous category, where a pilot can send direction control and its
	onboard devices. While the UAV itself provides flight assistance[insert reference for acro, level], object
	avoidance, return to home, and failsafe mechanism.
		From its propulsion and lift generation method. UAVs can generally be divided into fixed-wing, and multirotor. Fixed
	wings are generally shaped with fuselage with a placement combination of wing pairs. While multirotor relies on its
	vertically oriented propeller both as propulsion and lift generation. With the number of propellers that it can
	safely fly with from 3 to 4 and its multiplicity of 2. 
		The shape of a UAV has a great influence on how it falls, with fixed wings, generally glides down. While the
	multirotor fell following the ballistic trajectory. Both of which will influence the falling probability heat map.
	
Graph Theory. (SIMPLE)[WARNING PLEASE DO RE-RESEARCH]

		Graph theory is one of the disciplines in mathematics where the use of
	graphs in simple terms can be described as a relationship between its elements. Graph components consist of vertex or
	node (V) and edge or link (E). The node is the object being represented in the graph, while the edge describes the
	relationship between the nodes.

		Graph theory can be used to describe the real-life phenomenon. Social interaction can be described using a graph.
	Where people are nodes and the edge is the relation between them.

		Edge can have a function attached to them. Some function is used to
	describe the relationship between nodes, also called weight function. This function can be any function. For example in
	social interaction an edge can be augmented to a basic linear function [xb+z] where x is the node(person), b is weight,
	and z is bias. this function can describe how strong the relationship between each person is.

Path finder.

			Pathfinder is a sub-topic of graph theory, where its purpose is to find
	which node and which edge that connecting the starting node to its final node. There are 2 types of pathfinder
	algorithms. informed and Uninformed pathfinder. An informed pathfinder is a pathfinder that knows the location of its
	final node while the opposite is true for the latter. The informed search uses a heuristical

		function to estimate guessing the suitable node to traverse to. 
	An example of informed search is Astar, A*, algorithm. Its search function can be written as [f(n) = g(n) + h(n)] where
	f(n) is the cost of each nodes, g(n) is the cost proportional based on the distance between nodes and its starting node,
	h(n), heuristic function, is the cost based on the distance between nodes and their final nodes.
p
